Now that we’ve explored why building components
is a good idea, lets go a little bit deeper
to understand exactly what comprises a component
and how we should be structuring our components.
Components are always comprised of a Template,
a Class and some Metadata.
The template is the view layout.
It is created with HTML and includes all of
the binding, directives as well additional
syntax that’s expressed within the view.
Our class is the code that supports the view.
It is created using typescript and includes
properties and methods.
Properties are used to define data elements
and methods are function expressions used
to define some logic.
Metadata is the extra data used for our class
inside of a decorator.
This metadata tells Angular how to instantiate
the component, construct a view and how to
interact with other components using directives.
In Angular, a class becomes a Component when
it is given this metadata.
Here is our AppComponent that we created as
the root component to our application.
Recall that the first thing we did was to
declare a class and export it for use in other
modules.
We use Pascal casing as our naming convention
– this means that we capitalize both words
App which is our feature as well as Component
which is our type.
When defining our class composition we always
put properties at the top and use camel casing
syntax, so this means that we have the first
word lower case and second word, if there
is one, as uppercase.
Methods are placed below properties and also
follow the convention of camel casing.
We then declared our Decorator.
Decorator’s are a built-in feature of Typescript
and are always prefixed with an @ symbol.
Angular uses this feature to create custom
decorators in order to add additional metadata
about the class.
When creating our decorators we’re actually
just creating functions, and you can tell
this is a function because it contains parenthesis.
Then inside the function we declare an object.
This object has a number optional properties
depending upon our decorator.
A few that we’ve already used are: selector,
which defines the component directives name.
As well as template which defines the component’s
view.
We then made to sure import our Component
features from angular core so we’re able
to create our decorator below.